As for the TSUIN, the TSUIN government is in full control of the situation,
but the government is not aware of the spirit of the Nijin Futsu Regulation on Joint Defense.
It is not able to measure the close relationship with the TSUIN.
The TSUIN government is in full control of the situation,
but the government is not aware of the spirit of the Nijin Futsu Regulation on Joint Defense.
Therefore, the TSUIN government is in full control of the situation,
and the government is not aware of the spirit of the Nijin Futsu Regulation on Joint Defense.
The government is not aware of the spirit of the Nijin Futsu Regulation on Joint Defense.
Therefore, the TSUIN government is in full control of the situation,
and I feel the spirit of the Nijin Futsu Regulation on Joint Defense.
The government has built a force of the Indian people, the Tektal and the Uyghur,
and they have the courage to do anything to achieve the completion of India.
However, the passion of the Indian people who are in great danger will be realized,
and I believe that the Indian people will be able to achieve the completion of India.
The TSUIN government is in full control of the situation,
and the government is not aware of the spirit of the Nijin Futsu Regulation on Joint Defense.
I give my best efforts and the spirit of Chihitas will eventually succeed in facing the final victory.
I have goodériation to present pointed knowledge at the last stage of success.
I am proved right and I championed the Revolution.
But enemies should not fight against Japanese army under the introducing of National
Strategic Eyegunony Agreement.